README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Cauê Felix Urbini</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&color=58A6FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=700&height=60&lines=Back-end+Developer;DevOps+Enthusiast;Cybersecurity+Learner;Cloud+and+Automation+Explorer" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  💻 <b>Back-end Developer</b> | ☁️ <b>DevOps Enthusiast</b> | 🛡️ <b>Cybersecurity Learner</b>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <i>
    I’m passionate about building reliable and secure systems — bridging the gap between <b>Development</b> and <b>Operations</b>.<br/>
    Focused on <b>Java</b>, <b>Python</b>, and modern <b>Cloud Computing</b> with <b>AWS</b> and <b>Azure</b>.<br/>
    Always learning, automating, and improving. ⚙️
  </i>
</p>

---

## 🧠 About Me

- 🎯 Passionate about **Back-end development**, **DevOps culture**, and **Cybersecurity**.  
- 🌍 Experienced with **containerized environments** (Docker & Kubernetes).  
- 🧩 Skilled in **system design**, **automation**, and **scalable infrastructure**.  
- 🔐 Exploring **network security**, **vulnerability assessment**, and **secure DevOps practices (DevSecOps)**.  
- 📚 Constantly improving knowledge in **CI/CD**, **Cloud architecture**, and **Infrastructure as Code**.  
- ☕ Java & Python are my daily drivers — but I love experimenting with new stacks.  

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

### 🧩 Back-end & Databases
<div align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,python,php,mysql" width="220" />
</div>

### 🎨 Front-end (Basic/Intermediate)
<div align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript,html,css" width="200" />
</div>

### ⚙️ DevOps, Cloud & Security
<div align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,kubernetes,aws,azure,linux,git,vscode" width="350" />
</div>

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

> A selection of projects showcasing my experience across **Back-end**, **Full-Stack**, **DevOps**, and **Automation**.

### 📁 [InclusiveCityHub (Back-end)](https://github.com/CaueUrbini/inclusiveCityHubBackend)
🧠 *Team Project* — Inclusive city management API.  
**Stack:** Node.js • PostgreSQL • Docker & Docker Compose • GitHub Actions 

Developed a Node.js back-end for an inclusive city platform where elderly users can register, log in, and stay informed about daily events. 
The system includes moderators and companies responsible for creating and validating event postings.

---

### 📁 [ProMenge - Bradesco A3](https://github.com/ProMenge/A3_Bradesco)
🏫 *Academic Full-Stack Project* — Educational platform prototype.  
**Stack:** Java • Spring Boot • REST APIs • Docker • MySQL  
Academic project developed in Java with Spring Boot for the Distributed Systems course. 
Designed to address a financial scam identified by the Central Bank of Brazil, the system applies REST architecture and Docker containerization to ensure scalability and modularity.

---

### 📁 [Simple Notes Application (CRUD)](https://github.com/CaueUrbini/Aplicacao-Simples-de-Notas)
📝 *Solo Project* — Simple note manager built with PHP.  
**Stack:** PHP • CSS • Docker  
A lightweight CRUD application that allows users to create, edit, and manage notes. 
Each note displays the creation and last update timestamps, providing a simple and efficient user experience.
 
---

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=CaueUrbini&show_icons=true&theme=onedark&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=E6EDF3&icon_color=58A6FF" height="150" />
</div>

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/caue-felix-urbini/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:caueurbini@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/cauefelix_">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.com/users/tufao">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>

---


<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CaueUrbini/CaueUrbini/output/snake.svg" alt="Snake animation" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <i>“Build, secure, and scale — one commit at a time.”</i> 🛡️⚙️
</p>

Commit message:

Revise project details and add Linux Bash Scripts section
Updated project descriptions for clarity and added a new section for Linux Bash Scripts.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Cauê Felix Urbini</h1>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&size=22&pause=1000&color=58A6FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=700&height=60&lines=Back-end+Developer;DevOps+Enthusiast;Cybersecurity+Learner;Cloud+and+Automation+Explorer" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>
<p align="center">
  💻 <b>Back-end Developer</b> | ☁️ <b>DevOps Enthusiast</b> | 🛡️ <b>Cybersecurity Learner</b>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <i>
    I’m passionate about building reliable and secure systems — bridging the gap between <b>Development</b> and <b>Operations</b>.<br/>
    Focused on <b>Java</b>, <b>Python</b>, and modern <b>Cloud Computing</b> with <b>AWS</b> and <b>Azure</b>.<br/>
    Always learning, automating, and improving. ⚙️
  </i>
</p>

---

## 🧠 About Me

- 🎯 Passionate about **Back-end development**, **DevOps culture**, and **Cybersecurity**.  
- 🌍 Experienced with **containerized environments** (Docker & Kubernetes).  
- 🧩 Skilled in **system design**, **automation**, and **scalable infrastructure**.  
- 🔐 Exploring **network security**, **vulnerability assessment**, and **secure DevOps practices (DevSecOps)**.  
- 📚 Constantly improving knowledge in **CI/CD**, **Cloud architecture**, and **Infrastructure as Code**.  
- ☕ Java & Python are my daily drivers — but I love experimenting with new stacks.  

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

### 🧩 Back-end & Databases
<div align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java,python,php,mysql" width="220" />
</div>

### 🎨 Front-end (Basic/Intermediate)
<div align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript,html,css" width="200" />
</div>

### ⚙️ DevOps, Cloud & Security
<div align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,kubernetes,aws,azure,linux,git,vscode" width="350" />
</div>

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

> A selection of projects showcasing my experience across **Back-end**, **Full-Stack**, **DevOps**, and **Automation**.

### 📁 [InclusiveCityHub (Back-end)](https://github.com/CaueUrbini/inclusiveCityHubBackend)
🧠 *Team Project* — Inclusive city management API.  
**Stack:** Node.js • PostgreSQL • Docker & Docker Compose • GitHub Actions  

Developed a Node.js back-end for an inclusive city platform where elderly users can register, log in, and stay informed about daily events.  
The system includes moderators and companies responsible for creating and validating event postings.

---

### 📁 [ProMenge - Bradesco A3](https://github.com/ProMenge/A3_Bradesco)
🏫 *Academic Full-Stack Project* — Educational platform prototype.  
**Stack:** Java • Spring Boot • REST APIs • Docker • MySQL  

Academic project developed in Java with Spring Boot for the *Distributed Systems* course.  
Designed to address a financial scam identified by the Central Bank of Brazil, the system applies REST architecture and Docker containerization to ensure scalability and modularity.

---

### 📁 [Simple Notes Application (CRUD)](https://github.com/CaueUrbini/Aplicacao-Simples-de-Notas)
📝 *Solo Project* — Simple note manager built with PHP.  
**Stack:** PHP • CSS • Docker  

A lightweight CRUD application that allows users to create, edit, and manage notes.  
Each note displays the creation and last update timestamps, providing a simple and efficient user experience.

---

### 📁 [Linux Bash Scripts](https://github.com/CaueUrbini/Linux_bash)
💻 *Learning Repository* — Bash scripting and Linux mastery.  
**Stack:** Bash • Linux  

Created while learning Linux and improving command-line proficiency.  
This repository contains various `.bash` scripts developed to automate tasks and deepen understanding of the Linux environment.

---

## 📊 GitHub Analytics

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=CaueUrbini&show_icons=true&theme=onedark&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=E6EDF3&icon_color=58A6FF" height="150" />
</div>

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/caue-felix-urbini/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="mailto:caueurbini@gmail.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/cauefelix_">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://discord.com/users/tufao">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-5865F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" />
  </a>
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/CaueUrbini/CaueUrbini/output/snake.svg" alt="Snake animation" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <i>“Build, secure, and scale — one commit at a time.”</i> 🛡️⚙️
</p>
